| Key          | Value                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 02-04-2024                                                                                                                                   |
| Time:        | 15:45 – 16:30                                                                                                                                |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B                                                                                                                                  |
| Chair        | Pieter van den Haspel                                                                                                                        |
| Minute Taker | Maksim Plotnikov                                                                                                                             |
| Attendees:   | Nedas Bolevičius, Tsvetelina  Ilieva, Kris Jankowska, Maksim Plotnikov, Pieter van den Haspel, Edwin van der Heijden and Sagar Chethan Kumar |

# Opening (`1` min)
*Is everyone present?*

# Check-in (`1` min)
*How is everyone doing?*

# Announcements by the team (`2` min)
*Has anybody got some important things to tell?*

# Approval of the last minutes (`1` min)
*Does everyone approve of last weeks minutes?*

# Approval of the agenda (`1` min)
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

# Announcements by the TA (`2` min)

# Presentation of the current app to TA (`5` min)

# Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss) (`33` min)

- Last week work (`5` min)
    - What has everyone done in the past week related to the app?


- How far are we with the basic requirements? (`4` min)
  - Last week: expense and debts have to be connected and edit event screen has to be connected


- How are we doing on the extra features (`5` min)
  - Language feature (Maksim)
  - Email notification (Nedas?)
  - Statistics (Tsvetelina)


- Product pitch (`5` min)
  - Did anyone struggle with writing script?
  - What will everyone talk about?
    - Basic features
    - Extra features
  - Do we do a practice session next week or the monday before the presentation
  

- Rubrics (`10` min)
  - HCL
    - Help/about page with keyboard shortcuts
    - Missing undo operations
    - Conformation for admin deleting event (Edwin)
  - Code contribution
    - Only criteria commit messages
  - Tasks and planning
    - Issues need to be 3-4 hour sizes
    - Document rotation of roles in project (UI, backend, api, etc.)
  - Technology
    - @Controller in isolation using websockets
    - Update UI (images and non-default layout)
    - Add websockets and long-polling
  - Testing



- Any other points/issues to bring up (`4` min)


# Summarize action points: Who, what , when? (`3 min`)
- Who does what next week?
- Maybe another informal meeting next week to wrap things up
- Presentation done

# Feedback round: (`2` min)
*What went well and what can be improved next time?*

# Planned meeting duration != actual duration? (`1` min)
*Where/why did you mis-estimate the time?*

# Question round (`2` min)
*Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?*

# Closing (`0` min)
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*
