| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20-02-2024  |
| Time: | 15:45 – 16:30  |
| Location: | Flux Hall B |
| Chair | Edwin van der Heijden |
| Minute Taker | Pieter van den Haspel |
| Attendees: | Nedas Bolevičius, Tsvetelina  Ilieva, Kris Jankowska, Maksim Plotnikov, Pieter van den Haspel, Edwin van der Heijden and Sagar Chethan Kumar |

# Opening (`1` min)
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

Opening: start 15:45

Everyone is present


# Check-in (`1` min)
*How is everyone doing?*

Everyone is doing fine

# Announcements by the team (`2` min)
*Has anybody got some important things to tell?*

No important notes

# Approval of the agenda (`2` min)
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

everyone approved

# Approval of last minutes (`2` min)
*Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?*

Not applicable because there was no minute taker last week

# Announcements by the TA (`2` min)

Assignments due Friday, feedback before Tuesday (probably Friday night or Saturday)
Git finish this Friday
If your GIT assignment fails → message Saga
Requirements for each week: 100 lines of java code + merges + commits

# Presentation of the current app to TA (`1` min)

Not applicable because there was no product yet

# Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss) (`30` min)

 - Chair/Minute taker rotation (`2` min)
    - Does everyone agree?
      Everyone agrees
 - Discord availability/Whatsapp for ugent matters (`2` min)
    - Do we need a whatsapp group for urgent matters? Is everybody directly available on discord?
      Agreed to make one
      Send invite link to discord group (Edwin)
 - Git assignment (`2` min)
    - Did everyone start on it?
    - Any questions?
      Maksim had some difficulties but managed
      Nedas resets repository
      No problems for the git assignment for the others
 - Code of conduct (`5` min)
     - How far is everyone with their parts?
     - Any questions/problems?
     - Putting it together in a shared document
       Edwin made a google doc
       Maksim and Tsvetelina finished it
   - The product (`10` min)
      - Does everybody know the tasks and requirements?
      - How should we split it into GitLab issues?
        Everyone read the backlog
        Split the tasks:
        No one made a list of tasks
        Create gitlab issues
        Edwin list:
        -design -classes -database -UI
        Priority on classes design
 - Planning (`10` min)
    - Who is good in what and wants to do what?
    - Make a general planning on GitLab and set deadlines.
    - Make a scrum board.

# Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (`5 min`)
 - Any deadlines for next week?
 - Fill the scrum board.
 - Any research topics

Next week
Want to have the planning done this week
Next Thursday/Friday have most GitLab issues done


Summary
Next week:
-GitLab issues done (everyone)
-everyone looks at OOP checkstyle (everyone)
-database Pieter and Nedas NOT needed (no one)
-Tsvachi and Edwin do entities and Pieter and Nedas as well (Tsvetelina, Edwin, Pieter, Nedas)
-Kris and Maksim do UI (Kris, Maksim)
-look at template project (everyone)
-Finish code of conduct (everyone)
-Finish Git assignment (everyone)

# General remarks


General remarks
We might need designs, but start using the mockups
Take extensions in mind when designing classes

Deadline this week: classes design, database design

Pieter makes the logical design for database
Tsvetelina does class design

Saga advises look at entities in the backlog, then design pages and controllers

We should all look through the example project
And figure out how springboot and the client work together

Implement every backlog part as an issue and link them to people

Maksim and Kris will look at the UI, make pages and controllers like removing

Split half doing backend and UI

The deadline for the 100 lines and merges is sunday

Tips from Saga:
Get merges in by Friday/Saturday latest
Everyone approves everyone else’s merge requests

No need for scrum board
Issues are the scrum board, add deadlines to issues

Time left for talking about checkstyle

Use OOP checkstyle
Maksim: cyclomatic complexity was harsh

Pieter tries to find the OOP checkstyle document, if not found notify others via discord so they can search

Next meeting talk about everyones experience with OOP checkstyle and changes can be discussed

Nedas: We need comments on our code, proper java docs

# Feedback round: (`4` min)
*What went well and what can be improved next time?*


Feedback
-was more formal ++
-more preparation – –
-next time more specific task distribution
-next time give minutes to people so everyone talks for some time
-more specific agenda
-time management was not great, next time prepare more so the points of action are talked about more


Sagar comments:
Google javaFX for information, there will be a lecture later on
Template project will show us how to start
Next time talk about what everyone worked on this meeting

# Planned meeting duration != actual duration? (`3` min)
*Where/why did you mis-estimate the time?*

# Question round (`2` min)
*Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?*

# Closing (`1` min)
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*

Closed meeting 16:27
