| Key          | Value                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Date:        | 26-03-2024                                                                                                                                   |
| Time:        | 15:45 – 16:30                                                                                                                                |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B                                                                                                                                  |
| Chair        | Kris Jankowska                                                                                                                             |
| Minute Taker | Tsvetelina Ilieva                                                                                                                               |
| Attendees:   | Nedas Bolevičius, Tsvetelina  Ilieva, Kris Jankowska, Maksim Plotnikov, Pieter van den Haspel, Edwin van der Heijden and Sagar Chethan Kumar |

# Opening (`1` min)
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

Everybody was here on time.

# Check-in (`1` min)
*How is everyone doing?*

Everybody was doing good. Some errors in the app were fixed, language features are mostly done.

# Announcements by the team (`2` min)
*Has anybody got some important things to tell?*

No announcements were made.

# Approval of the last minutes (`1` min)
Everybody approved the minutes. Agreed on them being very nicely done.

# Approval of the agenda (`1` min)
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

The agenda was approved. Edwin suggested discussing the Technology and Testing assignments if there is time left.

# Announcements by the TA (`2` min)
Two deadlines for this week - Implemented Features and Project Pitch draft. We should look into the rubrics to know how to do them correctly.

Regarding the Project pitch - constisting of a short introduction, showing our application and discussing it, and doing a wrap-up explaining possible extensions. It is preferable to show the app live. We'll be as well asked theory questions about what each has done in the app. Schedule date for the presentation - Tuesday.


# Presentation of the current app to TA (`5` min)

The events were fixed and working. Icons were added. There was a (non-responsive) language change feature. Sagar suggested using CSS for a responsive one. Also, the language change persists when closing the app and opening it again. You can log as an admin, download, import and delete events. The database was working. Still to add Long polling and WebSockets.

# Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss) (`30` min)

 - Last week work (`5` min)
     - What has everyone done in the past week related to the app?
	 
	 	**Nedas:** Bug fixes, localization file issues fixed, alert modals added

	 	**Edwin:** Password protecting, admin screen linkup with the database, small bug fixes, testing
	 
	 	**Maksim:** Added icons, live language switching
	 
	 	**Kris:** Tests for the scene controllers

	 	**Pieter:** Implemented the methods for the repository tests (loan and expense repository)

	 	**Tsvetelina:** Settling debts method with at most n-1 transactions, tests, small changes in other methods

 - What to focus on (`20` min)
	 - How far are we with the basic requirements?
	 
	 	Expense and settling debts need to be done, edit event screen has to be connected. Thing related to admin are done.
	 
	 - If we have time left will we do extra features?
	 	
		Language switch, Open Debts, Detailed Expenses, Email Notifications, Statistics, if we have time Foreign Currency.
	 Issues will be created and picked up by anybody whо has time for them.
	 
	 - We scored only sufficient on HCI/Accessibility. What are we going to do to improve this aspect?
	 	
		We failed some rubrics that are easy to fix. We should be able to have 9/10 by the end.
	 
	 - Project Pitch formative assesment (due 28 March)
	 
	 	We will do a live demo but will have slides to show features as well. A possible option: each member talk mainly about what they did in the app.
	 	
		The TA suggested splitting into basic and extra features. We agreed on each one making a draft on what they worked at, wrapping it up togehter and submitting a draft script for the assignment.
	 
	 - Implemented features formative assesment (due 28 March)
	 	
		Work on it during the week.

	 
	 - What to focus on this week?
	 	- Improve commit naming - make it more precise.
	 	- Having a look at the rubrics and start doing things according to them (e.g. merging main into your branch before making a merge request)
	 	- Comment on every merge request you approve
	 	- Do time tracking on GitLab
	 	- Add acceptance criteria for when issues are done (The TA will send an issue template)
	 	- Do testing
	 	- Have tests with every merge request
	 
	 
 - Any other points/issues to bring up (`5` min)
    - Add Long polling and WebSockets
	- Have images

# Summarize action points: Who, what , when? (`3 min`)
 - Any deadlines for next week?
 - Fill the scrum board.
 - Any research topics
 
 **To do:** Project pitch scripts, work according to the rubrics, finish up with basic requirements

# Feedback round: (`2` min)
*What went well and what can be improved next time?*

All meeting points were discussed.

# Planned meeting duration != actual duration? (`1` min)
*Where/why did you mis-estimate the time?*

The duration of the meeting was as planned.

# Question round (`2` min)
*Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?*

No questions were made.

# Closing (`0` min)
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*

Goodbye :)
