| Key          | Value                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Date:        | 05-03-2024                                                                                                                                   |
| Time:        | 15:45 – 16:30                                                                                                                                |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B                                                                                                                                  |
| Chair        | Maksim Plotnikov                                                                                                                             |
| Minute Taker | Kris Jankowska                                                                                                                               |
| Attendees:   | Nedas Bolevičius, Tsvetelina  Ilieva, Kris Jankowska, Maksim Plotnikov, Pieter van den Haspel, Edwin van der Heijden and Sagar Chethan Kumar |

# Opening (`1` min)
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

 Yes

# Check-in (`1` min)
*How is everyone doing?*

 Unknown. What is known however is the calculus grades being released yesterday.

# Announcements by the team (`2` min)
*Has anybody got some important things to tell?*

 No

# Approval of the last minutes (`1` min)

 Approved

# Approval of the agenda (`1` min)
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

 Approved

# Announcements by the TA (`2` min)

 - Oral exam date and time is not known yet however it is likely that it will be in week 10 on thursday
 - exam will examine all lecture content
 - make shared document with possible examination questions to practice
 - buddy check this week (8 March)

# Presentation of the current app to TA (`5` min)

 Went well

# Last weeks work (`10` min)
*What has everyone done in the past week related to the app?*

	- Event entity integrated into UI
	- Stiched the Scenes together
	- UI funcionality for adding and removing Person objects from Event object
	- Displaying Expenses in UI
	- Created classes for Expense and Loan 
	- Admin UI page
	- Ground work for language switch
	- Event and Person controllers
	- Basis for database controller
	- Refactoring

## Tasks & Planning and BuddyCheck (`2` min)

	- Deadline is 8 March
	- You have to use the AID model

## Task Distribution (`5` min)
*How do we treat major MRs?*

	- Changes in only 1 domain per MR

*Having no certainty in task assignment*

	- Better task assignment and planning

*Other points brought up*

	- Effort estimation on issues
	- Revisit all issues and add time tracking, start dates and due dates
	- People have to switch domains once in a while (UI/database)

## Any design choices that we should make now? (`3` min)

	- Search for person in Edit Event
	- Make one dropdown instead of two same dropdowns in Edit Event

## What to focus on this week / in the future? (`10` min)

	- Finishing up the Controllers
	- Edit/add expenses
	- Database controls
	- Resizable windows
		 - Almost no Java code involved, so maybe the least important
	- Admin screen
		- Login and import event from JSON
	- Document for tracking requirements
	- Testing (80% for max grade)
		- Testing UI side 

# Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (`3 min`)
*Any deadlines for next week?*

	- buddycheck 8 march
	- time tracking in gitlab must be done for next week
	- revise planning

# Feedback round: (`2` min)
*What went well and what can be improved next time?*

 Meeting went good. We are improving according to the TA!

# Planned meeting duration != actual duration? (`1` min)
*Where/why did you mis-estimate the time?*

 Everything went approximately according to schedule

# Question round (`2` min)
*Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?*

 No

# Closing (`0` min)
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*

 bye
